README.md, before:

# isaac-champions

Currently Implemented:
Isaac+: 
Removed D6
Starts with pocket moving box + gulped dice bag and gulped cracked dice

Maggy+:
Removed Yum heart
0.5x tear rate
+1 Extra heart container (filled with rotten heart)
Starts with pocket yuck heart + gulped fish tail, apple of sodom, and crow's heart.

Cain+:
Treasure rooms won't spawn for the run.
Removed lucky foot and paper clip
0.5x Damage
Starts with pocket red key, cracked orb, false phd, lil baggy + gulped crystal key and gilded key.
Starts with luck down pill.

Judas+:
Blindfolded
Starts as dark judas 1 black heart, birthright, my shadow, pocket urn of souls + gulped daemon tail.
Has 1 vengeful spirit wisp at all times.

Eve+:
Removed whore of babylon and dead bird.
-3 Luck
Razor moved to pocket slot.
Starts with dark prince's crown and bird cage + gulped panic button and crow's heart. (Panic button activates razor every time you're hit)

Samson+:
Removed bloody lust
0.5x tear rate.
Starts with pocket dull razor, shard of glass, bloody gust, and curse of the tower.

Azazel+:
0 range, 0.6x tear rate, 0.5x damage 
Starts with tiny planet, birthright, and antigrav.

Eden+:
Removed random starting items.
0.6x tear rate, 0.75x damage.
Starts with pocket genesis, TMTrainer, libra, magic mush, and mini mush.

Lost+:
No Holy Mantle
Starts with clear rune, rune bag, and heartbreak.
Starts with agiz rune.

Lilith+:
Removed box of friends and cambion conception.
-1 range
0.66x Damage
Starts with birthright, king baby, proptosis + gulped adoption papers and friendship circlet.

Forgotten+:
0.3x damage, 1.4x tears, negative range
Starts with cursed eye and epic fetus.

Bethany+:
Removed book of virtues.
0.5x damage, 0.8x tears
Starts with pocket prayer card, redemption, act of contrition + gulped devil's crown. 

Jacob and Esau+:
Both start with activated damocles.
Both start with one size down.
One starts with pretty fly pill, the other with a holy card.

Tainted Cain+: 
Treasure rooms don't spawn.
Starts with notched axe and schoolbag + gulped lucky rock, No!, and Nuh uh!

Tainted Samson+:
11 Broken Hearts
Damage - 1
Starts with pocket converter, champion belt, glyph of balance, astral projection, goat head, the wafer, birthright + gulped doorstop, purple heart and keeper's bargain.

Tainted Eden+:
Treasure rooms don't spawn.
Removed random starting items.
Starts with pocket undefined, the blanket, chaos + gulped panic button (items and trinkets don't reroll)

Tainted Apollyon+: 
Blindfolded
Starts with brown nugget, hivemind, and beelzebub transformation + gulped golden cricket leg.

Tainted Blue Baby+:
Blindfolded.
Starts with pocket mom's bracelet, birthright, fate, ???'s best friend, + gulped brown cap and golden mom's pearl.

Tainted Lazarus+:
Item pedestals aren't affected by Flip.
Flip is now 3 charges and only swaps between Lazarus forms.
Starts with more options and vanishing twin.
Laz A starts with eve's mascera and Laz B starts with soy milk.

Tainted Bethany+:
Remove Lemegeton
0.8x Tears, Shotspeed -0.4
Starts with pocket telepathy for dummies, eye of the occult, cursed eye + gulped wiggle worm.

Tainted Jacob+:
Blindfolded
Starts with birthright, spirit of the night, and the battery.


Incompatible with smelter unlocks marbles too mod

Commit message:

Tainted Apollyon now epic (starts with brown nugget and cricket leg)
Added champion apollyon too now!
Descriptions for all mmentioned

README.md, after:

# isaac-champions

Currently Implemented:
Isaac+: 
Removed D6
Starts with pocket moving box + gulped dice bag and gulped cracked dice

Maggy+:
Removed Yum heart
0.5x tear rate
+1 Extra heart container (filled with rotten heart)
Starts with pocket yuck heart + gulped fish tail, apple of sodom, and crow's heart.

Cain+:
Treasure rooms won't spawn for the run.
Removed lucky foot and paper clip
0.5x Damage
Starts with pocket red key, cracked orb, false phd, lil baggy + gulped crystal key and gilded key.
Starts with luck down pill.

Judas+:
Blindfolded
Starts as dark judas 1 black heart, birthright, my shadow, pocket urn of souls + gulped daemon tail.
Has 1 vengeful spirit wisp at all times.

Eve+:
Removed whore of babylon and dead bird.
-3 Luck
Razor moved to pocket slot.
Starts with dark prince's crown and bird cage + gulped panic button and crow's heart. (Panic button activates razor every time you're hit)

Samson+:
Removed bloody lust
0.5x tear rate.
Starts with pocket dull razor, shard of glass, bloody gust, and curse of the tower.

Azazel+:
0 range, 0.6x tear rate, 0.5x damage 
Starts with tiny planet, birthright, and antigrav.

Eden+:
Removed random starting items.
0.6x tear rate, 0.75x damage.
Starts with pocket genesis, TMTrainer, libra, magic mush, and mini mush.

Lost+:
No Holy Mantle
Starts with clear rune, rune bag, and heartbreak.
Starts with agiz rune.

Lilith+:
Removed box of friends and cambion conception.
-1 range
0.66x Damage
Starts with birthright, king baby, proptosis + gulped adoption papers and friendship circlet.

Apollyon+:
Void moved to pocket slot.
Starts with voided spindown dice and crooked penny + gulped No!

Forgotten+:
0.3x damage, 1.4x tears, negative range
Starts with cursed eye and epic fetus.

Bethany+:
Removed book of virtues.
0.5x damage, 0.8x tears
Starts with pocket prayer card, redemption, act of contrition + gulped devil's crown. 

Jacob and Esau+:
Both start with activated damocles.
Both start with one size down.
One starts with pretty fly pill, the other with a holy card.

Tainted Cain+: 
Treasure rooms don't spawn.
Starts with notched axe and schoolbag + gulped lucky rock, No!, and Nuh uh!

Tainted Samson+:
11 Broken Hearts
Damage - 1
Starts with pocket converter, champion belt, glyph of balance, astral projection, goat head, the wafer, birthright + gulped doorstop, purple heart and keeper's bargain.

Tainted Eden+:
Treasure rooms don't spawn.
Removed random starting items.
Starts with pocket undefined, the blanket, chaos + gulped panic button (items and trinkets don't reroll)

Tainted Apollyon+: 
Blindfolded
Starts with brown nugget, hivemind, and beelzebub transformation + cricket leg.

Tainted Blue Baby+:
Blindfolded.
Starts with pocket mom's bracelet, birthright, fate, ???'s best friend, + gulped brown cap and golden mom's pearl.

Tainted Lazarus+:
Item pedestals aren't affected by Flip.
Flip is now 3 charges and only swaps between Lazarus forms.
Starts with more options and vanishing twin.
Laz A starts with eve's mascera and Laz B starts with soy milk.

Tainted Bethany+:
Remove Lemegeton
0.8x Tears, Shotspeed -0.4
Starts with pocket telepathy for dummies, eye of the occult, cursed eye + gulped wiggle worm.

Tainted Jacob+:
Blindfolded
Starts with birthright, spirit of the night, and the battery.


Incompatible with smelter unlocks marbles too mod
